## Eighth commandment: "Thou shalt not steal".

Here again we see a demonic masterpiece of twisting the reality. Jesus said: "The splinter you see in the eyes of someone else, always is a fragment of the beams you have in your own eyes.". Demons never take responsibility for their actions and will never accept that they are the reason for a theft.
The expectation of a reward based on abilities, degree or position is already stealing.
In heaven everyone engages with the abilities he has, without any expectations of any reward. Expectations are the lack of trust in the heavenly spirit and the fear that comes with it. And money goes one step further: It is an expression, an image of the expectation with the purpose to hide and compensate the lack of trust. It creates a false trust which is a lie and makes the real trust crumble even more. Until the trust in money is gone also. It then needs another compensation like surveillance, then governments, law enforcement officers, punishments, prisons and so on. Compensation over compensation, lie over lie over another lie.
But it does not stop here. Once the heavenly spirit is buried under an enforced money system, The service for money is enforced also and turns everyone into its slavery. And most of its slaves don't have a staff - an expression of the strength of my heavenly spirit - like me to drill through all of its lies of compensation layers. Most of them stop way before at things like the Government and its taxes, the payment rules, the money system and so on.